=Love Story in the 1970s=
=Episode 5=
Have you made up your mind?
If you tell me the truth now,
we can still
resolve this issue internally.
But if you keep
on deceiving the organization
and me,
that'll be a different story.
Ms. Xu,
he...
He...
Indeed. He hasn't recovered completely.
But he's starting to recall something.
I'm sure he'll recall everything
before long.
Fei Ni,
are you confessing
that you had colluded with Fang Muyang
to deceive Ms. Xu
and the organization?
No.
Ms. Xu, that's not true.
This has nothing to do with Fang Muyang.
I was the one who sought his help...
Such nonsense!
This is ridiculous!
You've deeply disappointed me.
I would've still been kept in the dark,
had Feng Lin not found out!
I understand your feelings.
I know you want to attend college
and improve yourself.
But you used the wrong method.
If news of this gets out,
not only will it affect your reputation,
but it'll also affect
Fang Muyang's image
as a hero, you know?
Sorry, Ms. Xu.
I know my fault now.
Hurry and write a reflection report.
You'd better reflect upon
your actions deeply.
I'll surely do so.
As for the selection of
advanced individuals
for college admission,
we'll put it aside for now.
(Ms. Xu wouldn't just let you off)
(by telling you
to write a reflection report,)
(had she not wanted)
(to maintain
Fang Muyang's image as a hero.)
You should be grateful for that.
Why do you keep picking on me?
It's because I corrected your typo, right?
Yeah.
I just hate you.
You think that you're more
well-educated than me.
You always embarrass me in public.
But exposing your actions
has nothing to do with this matter.
If you're unable to attend college,
my boyfriend won't be able
to attend college as well.
I'll tell you this upfront.
Ms. Xu told me this just now.
Your actions
have given her a reminder.
We mustn't tolerate
this corrupt practice
of cheating and taking shortcuts.
So she'll discuss this
with the factory's higher-ups.
In the future, no matter
if it's advanced individuals
or a model hero,
when it comes to college admission,
everyone will be treated as equal.
That means,
even if Fang Muyang does
recover fully in the future,
and you become the city's
model of excellence,
your name will never appear on
the college recommendation list of
Jiangcheng No. 1 Textile Factory.
Fang Muyang,
you're indeed very aware.
The hospital
is running out of resources.
As for you,
you've almost fully recovered.
The director said that we should reserve
this ward for those who are in need.
So I have no choice
but to change your ward.
You're just doing your job.
Who's this girl?
I don't remember.
All done.
I don't know what to do now.
All these years,
attending college
has always been my only way out.
Now, my only way out
has been sealed off.
No one can seal off
one's true path of life.
What do you think about the movie?
You don't like it, huh?
I see.
Lin Mei, that's fine.
We'll catch other movies next time.
Lin Mei?
Fei Ni?
Chen Yunguo?
So,
you guys can go ahead.
I'll make a move first.
Do you know him?
What are you two doing together?
He's the blind date partner
my mother introduced to me.
Did my brother make you angry again?
Tell me.
I'll tell him off.
It's pointless no matter
who tells him off this time.
Your brother and I
have fallen out
with each other entirely.
But why?
I thought you two were
doing great before this.
It's been over a year
since I returned to the city.
Whenever I urged him
to come back to the city,
he always had all kinds of excuses.
Out of spite, I told him
that I would find another boyfriend
if he didn't come back.
Guess what he said?
He said...
He said he wanted to break up with me.
How could Fei Ting
say something like that?
I'll talk to him.
I'll tell him to apologize to you.
Actually, my parents
wanted to arrange blind dates for me
six months ago.
I tried my best to delay it.
But judging from Fei Ting's attitude,
I don't think
our relationship will bear fruit.
Fei Ni,
I'm already 27 years old.
I can't afford
to wait for him any longer.
I've already made up my mind.
If he still doesn't come back,
I'll get myself another boyfriend.
I'll send him a telegram tomorrow.
I'll tell him
to come back immediately, okay?
Don't cry.
It doesn't matter who speaks to him,
especially you.
But why?
He refused to come back
because he was afraid you might
have no place to stay after his return.
Fei Ni,
that's not what I mean.
Don't overthink it.
I...
You see, for this matter...
It's all my fault.
My parents kept telling me
to find a partner who owns a house.
Anyway, you guys own a house.
So I think it's okay.
I only realized it
when Fei Ting said so.
It's all my fault.
That was plain nonsense.
- No.
- Don't take it to heart.
- Don't overthink it.
- How could it be your fault?
The expectations of your parents
are already low enough.
I'm just mad at Fei Ting.
No matter how tough he has it,
he should come back first.
We can figure out
a solution after that, right?
How could he do something like this?
He kept delaying his return,
and saying
that he wanted to break up with me.
Fei Ni,
I truly don't know what to do now.
Don't cry.
(He refused to come back)
(because he was afraid you might
have no place to stay after his return.)
(Slow down. It's hot.)
(Ting.)
(Young Fei Ni)
Let's take half each.
(Young Fei Ting)
I don't want it.
Milk isn't as nice as milk crumble.
Is that so?
Let's swap, then.
I'll have the milk crumbles.
That won't do. Dad and Mom aren't home.
I'm your elder brother.
I make the call here.
You have to finish the milk.
I'll finish the milk crumble.
Ni, I finished wrapping your book.
So nice.
Ting,
why is your pencil case in my bag?
It's so new.
It's a waste
if I use it.
From tomorrow on,
you'll be in primary school.
Do your best, and get into college.
Once you become a college student,
I'll send you to college.
This won't do.
Dad and Mom bought this for you
as your birthday gift.
Even so, that won't do.
I'm your elder brother.
I make the call here.
But Ting,
what about you?
Look. I made a new one for myself.
Aren't I amazing?
You are.
Dad.
Mom.
Why did you guys stop me from going?
I'm a recent graduate.
According to the government policy,
I should be the one going.
You still have an elder brother at home.
It's not your turn to be
sent to Great Northern Wilderness.
I've discussed this
with the Educated Youth Office.
I'll head there on your behalf.
But I thought
we already had a consensus.
Once Mom retires,
you'll take over her position
at Jiangcheng No. 1 Textile Factory.
I'm a man, you know?
Why should I work
at Jiangcheng No. 1 Textile Factory?
I would rather head
to Great Northern Wilderness.
Besides,
according to the newspaper,
the world is full of
great opportunities.
(Just listen to me.)
(I'll head to Great Northern Wilderness)
(while you head to
Jiangcheng No. 1 Textile Factory. Done.)
(In the future,
I'll leave our parents in your care.)
Ting.
(I was too selfish.)
(You've devoted yourself to me
all this while.)
(This time,)
(you have to heed my will.)
Fei Ni.
Lin Mei.
I thought you would
never talk to me again.
How could that be?
Where else can I get myself
an excellent sister-in-law like you?
Lin Mei.
I never expected myself
to be the obstacle between you and Ting.
Hey, don't say that.
Let me finish.
Ting
doted on me since I was a child.
And, you're my best friend.
You guys are my closest kin,
yet I wasn't aware of
the difficulties you two were facing.
How could this be your fault?
Fei Ni, I'll be honest with you.
Initially, I thought
that if you attended
college successfully,
you'd definitely move
to the college's dorm.
If so, the issue between Fei Ting and I
would be resolved.
But I didn't expect your enrollment
to still be hanging in the air.
It's not confirmed yet.
Lin Mei,
I came here today
to tell you this.
Since we were good friends
for so many years,
can you give him...
No, I mean,
can you give our family
a little more time?
Just three months.
I promise.
I'll make him come back
and marry you in three months.
Okay?
Are you sure you can
convince him to come back?
I promise.
Actually, I didn't intend
to go on real blind dates either.
I did it to shut my parents up.
I know.
You'll become
my sister-in-law sooner or later.
There's no escape.
Dad, Mom.
- I'm back.
- I thought you went to the hospital.
I didn't go to the hospital today.
Mom,
before this,
did someone arrange
blind dates for me?
Yeah.
But I canceled them.
You were bent on attending college.
I've already figured it out.
I've discussed this
with your father as well.
It's good for youngsters like you all
to have dreams and ambitions.
We won't rush things
as long as you're happy.
But I'm in a rush now.
I've already decided.
I'm going to go on blind dates.
But there are two conditions.
First condition,
he needs to own a house
or be eligible for a housing allocation.
Second condition,
he must be less than 30 years old,
and look like a decent person.
Are my standards
too high?
Not at all.
You're more than good enough.
I'm sure you can find
all kinds of ideal partners.
I'll arrange the blind dates
for you tomorrow.
Ni, what's with
the sudden change of mind?
Mom already said it, right?
Since I have to get married eventually,
it's better for me to get married early.
That's the spirit.
I'm glad that you've figured it out.
I was so anxious the past two months.
I was worried
that you would look after that hero
in order to attend college,
ruining your marriage in the process.
Dad,
Mom,
I've made you guys worried.
I won't do it again.
Ni,
you were obedient and intelligent
since you were a child.
Your mother and I
will support your every decision.
Okay.
Ms. Liu.
Hi, Fei Ni.
Hi.
Come quickly.
You look gorgeous today.
You see, when your mother told me
that you were looking for a husband,
I was reminded of
a candidate immediately.
That guy has got it all.
Most importantly,
he has been inquiring about you
from me before this.
Does he know me?
Perhaps you know him.
He's here.
Ye Feng, you're here.
Due to your urgent need,
I haven't had the time
to report your blind date
with Fei Ni to Ms. Xu yet.
- I'll report to her later...
- Ms. Liu, don't worry.
My mom has to listen to me.
I'll tell her about it later.
Alright.
I'll introduce you two to each other.
This is Fei Ni.
This is Ye Feng.
Ye Feng is on
the factory's basketball team.
I'm sure you saw him
playing basketball before.
Nice to meet you.
Alright.
You guys can go ahead.
I have something else to do. I'll leave.
Fang Muyang,
remember to finish your milk today.
Thanks.
Who exactly is this girl?
Why do you keep drawing her?
I don't know.
I've been dreaming
of her all this while.
If so, she must be important to you.
Nurse Zhou,
why isn't Fei Ni here to visit me?
Fei Ni needs to work too.
Besides, she's not related to you.
- She didn't need to visit you daily.
- Nurse Zhou.
Can you do me a favor?
This is my first blind date.
Me too.
So you...
What do you usually
do?
Have there been any tournaments lately?
Nope.
We had a friendly match
at Jiangcheng College last time.
It was just a spar.
We train when there
aren't any tournaments.
Because in the second half of the year,
there's a city-wide basketball
tournament for the textile industry.
We have to win it.
So everyone is training
with great enthusiasm.
You must come and spectate us by then.
Alright.
What about you?
What do you like to do usually?
I like
to read.
You like to read?
I like to read, too.
What kinds of books do you like?
I like to read
"The Taking of Tiger Mountain",
"The Battle of Wits",
and the books about
Chen Sheng, Wu Guang, or Huang Jiguang.
I like them the most.
Let's catch a movie later.
I heard that a new Romanian movie
has been aired lately.
And, people liked it.
Okay.
Let's go.
(Workers' Club)
(Why are you shouting? I'm not deaf.)
(Look.)
(Did the boat that departed
yesterday make it across?)
(You must defuse the mines.)
("Waves of the Danube", Romania)
(I thought we had a bomb squad.)
(What are they doing?)
(Let's drop the anchor, then.)
(Do as you see fit.)
(That's an order from the Germans.)
(Don't you intend to send her back?)
(No.)
(I'm the helmsman.
I cannot leave the ship.)
(I have four children.)
(I should die in my home,)
Ye Feng.
(not on the sea.)
(Stop your nagging and just go.)
Did I fall asleep?
(The master will hear us, you know?)
(He won't.)
(He's busy fighting a war.)
(Just go.)
(Check the waterway.)
(Are there any sea mines?)
(I heard that there are some.)
(Fool, put your back into it.)
(Put your back into it!)
(Pull the rope!)
(Go away.)
Sorry about that.
The training has been quite tiring.
The main thing is
that the movie is too boring.
I started to yawn while watching it.
It's fine.
I didn't watch the whole film either.
Yeah, right?
You think the movie
is boring too, right?
What about this?
After this, I'll get two tickets
to "Walter Defends Sarajevo".
The movie scenes are very exhilarating.
I'm home.
This is our factory's
staff housing, right?
I think I've never been here before.
I'll head back first.
Fei Ni,
are you free after work tomorrow?
If so, let's catch another movie.
The one I said just now.
The one with exhilarating scenes.
Alright.
I'll wait for you
by the entrance tomorrow.
Fei Ni.
Mom.
Mrs. Fei.
I'm Ye Feng.
Ms. Liu of Jiangcheng
No. 1 Textile Factory
introduced me to her
as her blind date partner.
I know.
Nice to meet you, Mrs. Fei.
- Nice to meet you.
So, why are you guys standing here?
Come and have a seat.
Mom, he has basketball training today.
Not today.
It's not like I train every day.
Yeah, right?
Yeah.
- Come to my house.
- Mrs. Liu.
Let me carry the groceries for you.
Please go ahead.
What a sensible boy.
- Look at him.
- Please go ahead.
Is basketball training exhausting?
It's not that bad.
You're so tall.
I'm 1.85 m tall.
That's great.
I'll make some delicious dishes
for you tonight.
Isn't that Ms. Xu's son?
Did he get together with Fei Ni?
Baoying, you're back.
Who is that?
It's Ni's colleague.
Over here.
Alright.
What colleague?
That's Ms. Xu's son.
I suppose Fei Ni is
perching on a high branch now.
Fei, what are you doing?
This is our mosquito net.
I've washed it, and I...
Just put it aside for now.
We have a guest.
Hurry and come.
Let me introduce him.
This is the blind date partner
Ms. Liu introduced to Ni.
He's Ye Feng.
This is Ni's father.
Hello, Mr. Fei.
My name is Ye Feng.
Nice to meet you.
I have something to tell you.
What is it?
Mr. Fei, I already fixed the door.
It won't make a noise anymore.
That's the thing I want to tell you.
Fei Ni,
I've been waiting for you for two hours.
I'm hungry now.
If so, you should stay
and have dinner with us.
Okay.
Drink up.
This is Biluochun tea.
It's my mother's favorite tea.
Me too.
Ms. Xu has the real deal.
Mine are just crumbs.
It's not that good.
It's good.
How has Ms. Xu been doing lately?
She's been doing well.
How have you been doing
in the hospital lately?
I've been doing well.
I suppose everyone is doing well.
Let me check if dinner is ready.
I heard from my mother
that your head was damaged.
You cannot remember the past.
I heard from Mr. Fei
that Fei Ni didn't come
to visit me at the hospital
because she was watching
a movie with you.
It's all my fault.
I wouldn't have kept Fang here
had I known Ye was coming.
Why did you come here?
What if Fang said something
that he wasn't supposed to?
Hurry and go back.
I don't know what to chat about
even if I go back.
It's so awkward.
Why don't we send Ni to them?
Have you lost your mind?
It'll be even more awkward
if Ni is there.
- Fei Ni, as for dinner...
- Come with me.
Where are you going?
I...
This...
Is our daughter
two-timing them?
Shut up if you don't know what to say.
Head to Li's house.
They bought braised beef yesterday.
I'm sure they have some leftovers.
Go and borrow some from them.
Why are we borrowing
braised beef from them?
We have guests here today,
but we don't even have meat dishes.
How could that be appropriate?
Besides, it's embarrassing for Ni to
show other people how poor we are.
Just go.
Okay.
Go now.
How did you manage to locate my house?
I asked Nurse Zhou.
She told me your house address.
She even taught me how to take a cab.
It's been a few days since
you last visited me.
That's why I thought of visiting you.
What happened?
Didn't I already teach you
how to wash your clothes?
Why didn't you wash it? It's so dirty.
You didn't even sew back
the button that had dropped.
If other people see this,
they might treat you as a thug.
I did, but I was terrible at it.
I pricked my finger.
Don't you know how to tie back
your untied shoelaces?
It's dangerous, you know?
Are you free tomorrow?
I'll treat you to some ice cream.
I'm not free.
Did you watch a movie
with Ye Feng today?
Was it nice?
It's okay.
Did you not visit me
because you went out
to watch a movie with him?
So what if that's the case?
If you want to watch a movie,
I can keep you company too.
I can be your
blind date partner as well.
It's getting late. You should go now.
Do you know the way back?
I'm not dumb.
I know the way back.
I won't keep you around for dinner.
You should go now.
You should head back first.
I'll stay here until you enter the door.
I didn't expect your parents
to be this passionate.
To think that I met your parents
right after our first encounter.
Fei Ni,
why don't I pick you up
for work tomorrow?
We can have breakfast together.
Ye Feng,
what does Ms. Xu
think about our relationship?
My mom?
I haven't had
the chance to tell her yet.
When I heard that Ms. Liu was
trying to find you a husband,
I sought her help immediately
so that I could go on
a blind date with you.
But don't worry.
My mom always listens to me.
She won't say no
as long as I'm happy with it.
I never expected the blind date partner
Ms. Liu had recommended to be you.
I... What's wrong with me?
You're a good person.
You're too good for me.
You know this, too.
Compared to your family background,
my family is...
I don't think that's an issue.
Fei Ni.
Let me finish.
I have an elder brother called Fei Ting.
He spent his entire youth
in the countryside.
He'll return to the city soon.
If the district office
cannot find a job for him
when he's back,
I...
might offer my position to him.
Did your parents instruct you to do so?
No.
It's my own call.
Actually, he was supposed
to take over my job.
I was the one who was supposed
to be sent to the countryside.
He doted on me.
He didn't want me to suffer.
Therefore, he let me take over his job.
No matter what,
I should return the job to him.
What will you do, then?
I know how to make clothes.
I can make a living myself.
How could that be the same?
Having a job in Jiangcheng No. 1
Textile Factory means a stable life.
If you make and sell your own clothes,
it's the same as being jobless.
If so, how could my mother let you...
Fei Ni, that's not what I mean...
I understand.
That's why
I'm telling you this in advance.
If both you and Ms. Xu
cannot accept this fact,
I understand.
Ye Feng, it's fine.
You should head back and think about it.
Alright. I'll think about it.
I'll be going now.
It's getting late.
You should hurry and head back.
See you.
Jiangcheng No. 1
Textile Factory Basketball Team
(Study Hard and Work Tirelessly)
Achieved Outstanding Results Again.
(Physically and Mentally Strong)
This team has a strong mentality,
strong physical capabilities,
and strong technical capabilities.
Among the members,
their captain, Ye Feng,
deserved great credit.
Ling Yi?
This reporter has great taste.
This name is great as well.
I can tell
that this reporter is well-educated.
You're back.
I'm back.
Hurry.
Take a look.
You're in the newspaper.
This reporter, named Ling Yi,
knew you?
You got high praise.
Not only were you good at basketball,
but you also had a high
revolutionary consciousness.
This is not a praise but a fact.
The name sounds feminine.
Try to inquire about her
and buy her a meal.
What's wrong?
What's with the long face?
Did you lose your basketball match?
Mom,
say,
if I get married,
but my wife is jobless,
can you accept that?
No way.
Did you get yourself a girlfriend?
Not yet, but...
We're getting to know each other.
Who is it?
She's jobless, huh?
Is she a returning educated youth?
No.
She has a job now.
But she said she would
offer her job to her elder brother
after his return.
Who exactly is it?
Do I know her?
You do know her.
It's Fei Ni from our factory.
Are you dating Fei Ni?
Not yet.
That's why I'm asking
for your opinion first.
Of course not.
With your background, you can find
all kinds of excellent partners.
Why must you find a factory worker?
Mom, look at what you're saying.
It's like you're belittling
the working class!
What nonsense are you talking about?
Since when did I belittle
the working class?
You said it just now.
Don't spout such nonsense!
You said it here.
Lower your volume!
Make me!
Hush!
Hey, I'm the factory manager!
What's with the feather duster?
You think I can't handle you?
I'll teach you a lesson!
How dare you spout such nonsense?
You ungrateful son!
I'm going to date
an ordinary factory worker!
If you object to it,
I'll tell everyone in the factory
that you belittle the working class!
Mom, please stop!
It hurts!
Fine.
You want to date Fei Ni?
I won't object to it.
But only on one condition.
What condition,
Mom?
I won't object to it
as long as Fei Ni
doesn't attend college.
Son, you have no idea.
She's been trying to enroll in
college for the past few years.
Think about it.
If you two do get married,
and she does enroll in college,
she'll be away for a few years.
That's the same
as you being a bachelor, you know?
Alright.
I'll agree on her behalf.
You'll agree on her behalf?
Mom,
just think about it.
Why would anyone enroll in college
when they could get married to me?
Don't you agree?
You must be exhausted
from all the beating just now.
Here.
Have some tea
and calm down.
Just leave this
to me.
Alright.
I'll be leaving now.
That beating you gave me
was quite harsh.
(Jiangcheng No. 1 Textile Factory)
Fei Ni.
Let's watch another movie tonight.
This time,
I promise I won't fall asleep.
As for what you said to me yesterday,
I've given it some thought.
I don't think it's an issue for me.
You're not even sure
when your brother will return.
Besides, even if he did come back,
he might not take over
your job necessarily.
Let's say, for the sake of argument,
you did lose your job,
I'm sure my mother
will do something about it.
Ye Feng,
did you misunderstand something?
I didn't mean to let you help me
resolve the job issue
that my brother and I would face.
It's fine.
Once we get married,
we'll be a family.
Everything will be negotiable by then.
Fei Ni.
You...
What are you doing here?
I have a button now,
but I don't know how to sew it back.
Please teach me.
Fang Muyang,
for a simple task
such as sewing a button on,
you can ask the doctors and
the nurses to teach you.
If they don't know, you can ask
your fellow patients.
Fei Ni and I are going to watch a movie.
Fei Ni,
let's go.
Really?
Can I join? I've never
watched a movie before.
I don't think it's appropriate.
I'll head to the hospital and teach you
in a few more days, okay?
Okay.
Fei Ni,
how do I get back to the hospital?
I forgot how I got here.
Didn't you come from that direction?
Forget it, then.
You guys should watch the movie.
Just ignore me.
I can...
I think this is the right direction.
Fang Muyang,
where are you going?
I suppose it's that direction.
Why don't we send him back first?
We can watch a movie after that.
But we won't make it in time
if we do so.
But...
Stop staring at her.
Look ahead.
Just focus on the road.
Hurry up.
This is how fast I'll go.
Stop patting me.
You're so heavy. How can I go fast?
Stop hugging me.
Hurry up.
It's so ticklish.
Let go.
If not, I'll let go of the handles.
Go ahead.
After the laughter, I think of you
After the storm, I think of you
In the little courtyard,
there you are dancing
That earnest you,
smiling so innocently
In spring, I stay by your side
When summer comes, I watch over you
In the light of dawn, you belong to me
At the edge of the world,
I will still hold you tight
There is a small place
Where they carry big dreams
Every lovely face
Shines brightly in the heart
Even when we collide,
we hold our course
Even when we stumble,
we keep our resolve
My you, walking toward the distance
Please carry our dreams
and let them soar